Address Roman's comments (#60)
ietf-wg-ohai/draft-ohai-svcb-config: draft-ietf-ohai-svcb-config.md

to target or identify specific clients. This attack is very similar to
the generic OHTTP key targeting attack described above.

A client can avoid these targeting attacks by only allowing a single
`dohpath` value, such as the commonly used "/dns-query{?dns}" or
another pre-known value. If the client allows arbitrary `dohpath`

> values, it SHOULD mitigate the attack with a consistency check,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values, it SHOULD mitigate targeting attacks with a consistency check,
```

such as using a mechanism described in {{CONSISTENCY}} to validate the
`dohpath` value with another source. Clients might choose to only
employ a consistency check on a percentage of discovery events,

> depending on the capacity of consistency check options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depending on the capacity of consistency check options and their
deployment threat model.
```

Reviewer 2: We may want to explain the scenarios in which the consistency check can be skipped by the client.

Author: Not sure how much more detail we can usefully provide

Reviewer 2: I think providing an example would help. If an arbitrary DoH path is conveyed, the client has no way of determining whether the server is launching a targeted attack or not. In such cases, the client must rely on the consistency check; otherwise, leveraging Oblivious DoH may or may not be privacy-preserving.
